Changed behavour of Particle.__eq__ to return false when used with other types (#1225)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/1225.breaking.rst

> Changed behaviour of `~plasmapy.particles.Particle.__eq__` to return False instead of an error when used to compare with an other type or a string that doesn't represents a particle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changed behaviour of `~plasmapy.particles.particle_class.Particle.__eq__` to return `False` instead of an error when used to compare with another type or a string that does not represent a particle.
```
